# Some Interview Questions
Nothing is in the order 😉

1. **Tell me about yourself**
    > It generally is asked to get a brief, concise walkthrough of your career story with some relevant experience.  
        Depending on what you said interviewer will form next questions.

    Sure! So I've always wondered about technology and want to learn about how those things works. I opt for pursuing carrer in Programming dispite of not being in cirtuital branch. I started nurturing my knowledge in this field after Second Semester. At that time like a noobs I use to jump from one techonology to other that continues for almost about one semester after that I decided that I'm pretty good in web development and Deep Learning. so after that I narrow down my path of learning and started brushing up my concept of web development and deep learning, I started expoloring frameworks like react and django in depth and learned tensorflow and studied mathematics behind machine learning algorithms. As result of knowledge acquired I was able to Crack Google Summer of Code and at same time secured a foriegn internship in Computer Science department of University of Tokyo where I worked on investigation of deep learning methods for cancerous and non cancerous cell determination and also contributed in the development of Web Server for Cromatin Structure Visualization that was powered by django and threejs, in the mean time I was also been able to complete my GSoC project which was a React App application for Deep Learning Model architecture building via drag and drop interface. After returing to the campus I started my journey of compititive programming at that time I don't have any idea what the hack CP is I just herd the name and known that is very much important in getting good job. I learned a lot about Data Structure and Algorithms and used to solve problem peice by piece I gained a good plinth of Internel of any programs previously that is just called from a library and used.

2. **Explain Any of your project that you thing we need to know**
    > Team work, Approch to the problem, etc

    I did various projects, which are mainly centered around web development and machine learning combine, but the project that I want to share is a collaborated applied research project of BioTech Department IIT Roorkee and AIIMS Delhi under a professor and a research Scholar, The project was to developed a some piece of software to analyse and determine Human Heart state.Previously they have a android mobile app that uses weight, heart rate, and blood pressure as sequencial data to determine that heart state, and the professor want some mote automation and intellegince in the app and want to make it cross platform. So, After joining, first thing that I did in that project was the migration of codebase from android to react-native to make it cross platform. while I was developing that Application I used to read research article related to the ECG and Deep learning and what is the status of ECG research. After discussing with the Ph.D student and professor I proposed a method that integrate heart beat tagging using paper ECG records and an input. Which was done in series as the task was very tedious because of the variablity in ECG record layout, noisy and overlaping Heart Beats. Variable of Record was tackled by choosing three widely used format(suggested by AIIMS cardiology department) and identifing it via Simple Image classifier which was trained on three class images manually collected from the internet. After layout identification, heart-beats are segmented using the strategy of object detection and QRS interval determination, after that segmented beats are passed onto the final beats tagger which is a attention based multi input convolutional neural network trained over 14 different heart beat states. we are corrently budling up the thing to make it accesable via mobile app and also create a React Web app for bulk image tagging.